README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./media/exported/poom_banner.png"/>
</p>

<div align="center">

<a href="#">![LastCommit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/asror1/poom-bot/master?style=flat-square&color=c09473)</a>

</div>

<hr>

> **Note**
> Currently under renovation, I have decided to improve the code structure

_Poom_ bot is your number one helper when it comes to employing the pomodoro technique right within Discord! The Pomodoro Technique is a time management method developed by Francesco Cirillo in the late 1980s. It uses a timer to break work into intervals, typically 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks.

### Coming Soon

- Join other people's sessions
- Rewards

### Product Backlog

- [ ] Add **finish button** functionality
- [ ] Add **pause button** functionality
- [ ] Add finish functionality as a slash command
- [ ] Ability to customize session
  - Change default work or break duration
  - Start off with the break instead of work period
- [ ] Remove the support of second precision in timers
- [ ] Change **break timer** graphics to be more _colorful_

Commit message:

export work timer graphics, add finish and pause functionality

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./media/exported/poom_banner.png"/>
</p>

<div align="center">

<a href="#">![LastCommit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/asror1/poom-bot/master?style=flat-square&color=c09473)</a>

</div>

<hr>

> **Note**
> Currently under renovation, I have decided to improve the code structure

_Poom_ bot is your number one helper when it comes to employing the pomodoro technique right within Discord! The Pomodoro Technique is a time management method developed by Francesco Cirillo in the late 1980s. It uses a timer to break work into intervals, typically 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks.

### Coming Soon

- Join other people's sessions
- Rewards

### Product Backlog

- [ ] Export 60 minutes of break timer graphics
- [ ] Create different profiles for development environment, and for testing and for production
- [ ] Unit tests
- [x] Add **finish button** functionality
- [x] Add **pause button** functionality
- [ ] Ability to customize session
  - Change default work or break duration
  - Start off with the break instead of work period
- [x] Remove the support of second precision in timers
- [x] Change **break timer** graphics to be more _colorful_
